1.title
  Learn Number and Binary With function（探索篇：用代码和函数来探索数字和二进制）
2.introduction
  在计算机程序中，任何数据的本质上都是二进制，而计算机高级语言可以这些数据按不同类型管理，并为不同类型规范操作，这才让计算机内的数据与我们现实信息对应起来。
  因此数字是本质，才有了我们后来所谓的数字化，在之前课程中，虽然我们已经多次使用数字类型，但并不意味这我们已经理解这种最基本的数据类型--数字类型，本课程通过JavaScript函数的练习，我们通过代码探索数字类型——Number，同时通过十进制和二进制转换的案例做算法和逻辑的演练。
  本课仍然通过四个难度逐渐递进的案例完成学习，前二个案例通过浏览器后台输出，探索二进制表达范围，同时也会训练在代码中定义和使用函数。后二个案例则使用HTML/CSS创建一个简单UI，包括输入输出二个文本框和一个按钮。再用JavaScript的写出事件处理函数，把程序代码与UI联系起来，让整个程序可以互动使用。

3.keyword
  function ，return ，console.log ，!== ， === ，% ，parseInt ，UI（HTML/CSS） ，<input> ，type="text"  ，type="button"  ， value ，onclick ， aArray = [ ] ， aArray.length 。 
	
4.project
  <a src=binary-1.html>本例通过自定义函数power2(x)，理解计算机内的二进制数字。
  <a src=binary-2.html>本例探索经典的32位、64位、128位二进制数的十进制范围，学习函数的定义和调用。利用循环，研究JavaScript定义的Infinity这个所谓的最大值。
  <a src=binary-3.html>本例用HTML/CSS创建一个简单UI，包括：1、用户输入十进制数的文本框；2、点击按钮；3、二进制数的文本输出框。 本例专注于实现UI控件，UI的功能代码则由下一例完成。
  <a src=binary-4.html>本例继续上例的UI，用代码把用户输入的十进制数，转换为二进制数，通过JavaScript对Web页面的API输出，本例难度体现在十进制到二进制转换算法的实现。熟悉JavaScript的事件处理函数的语法也是本课另一个重点。
  
5.reading

 Inside the computer’s world, there is only data. You can read data, modify data, create new data——but that which isn’t data cannot be mentioned. All this data is stored as long sequences of bits and is thus fundamentally alike.

 Bits are any kind of two-valued things, usually described as zeros and ones. Inside the computer, they take forms such as a high or low electrical charge, a strong or weak signal, or a shiny or dull spot on the surface of a CD. Any piece of discrete information can be reduced to a sequence of zeros and ones and thus represented in bits.
 For example, we can express the number 13 in bits. It works the same way as a decimal number, but instead of 10 different digits, you have only 2, and the weight of each increases by a factor of 2 from right to left. Here are the bits that make up the number 13,  the binary number 00001101. Its non-zero digits stand for 8, 4, and 1, and add up to 13.

Most programming is done with programming languages. A programming language is an artificially constructed language used to instruct computers. It is interesting that the most effective way we’ve found to communicate with a computer borrows so heavily from the way we communicate with each other. Like human languages, computer languages allow words and phrases to be combined in new ways, making it possible to express ever new concepts.
At one point language-based interfaces, such as the BASIC and DOS prompts of the 1980s and 1990s, were the main method of interacting with computers. They have largely been replaced with visual interfaces, which are easier to learn but offer less freedom. Computer languages are still there, if you know where to look. One such language, JavaScript, is built into every modern web browser and is thus available on almost every device.  JavaScript was standardized in 1996 by the European Computer Manufacturers Association (ECMA), which is why you sometimes hear it called ECMAScript.
JavaScript is the language of the Web. It started as a way to manipulate a few selected types of elements in a web page (such as images and form fields), but it has grown tremendously. In addition to client-side browser scripting, these days you can use JavaScript to program for an increasing variety of platforms. You can write server-side code (using .NET or Node.js), desktop applications (that work on all operating systems)  and application extensions (e.g., for Firefox or Photoshop), mobile applications, and command-line scripts.

 Besides explaining JavaScript, I will introduce the basic principles of programming. Programming, it turns out, is hard. The fundamental rules are simple and clear, but programs built on top of these rules tend to become complex enough to introduce their own rules and complexity. You’re building your own maze, in a way, and you might just get lost in it.
There will be times when reading this book feels terribly frustrating. If you are new to programming, there will be a lot of new material to digest. Much of this material will then be combined in ways that require you to make additional connections.
It is up to you to make the necessary effort. When you are struggling to follow the book, do not jump to any conclusions about your own capabilities. You are fine—you just need to keep at it. Take a break, reread some material, and make sure you read and understand the example programs and exercises. Learning is hard work, but everything you learn is yours and will make subsequent learning easier.

 A program is many things. It is a piece of text typed by a programmer, it is the directing force that makes the computer do what it does, it is data in the computer’s memory, yet it controls the actions performed on this same memory. Analogies that try to compare programs to objects we are familiar with tend to fall short. A superficially fitting one is that of a machine—lots of  separate parts tend to be involved, and to make the whole thing tick, we have to consider the ways in which these parts interconnect and contribute to the operation of the whole.
A computer is a physical machine that acts as a host for these immaterial machines. Computers themselves can do only stupidly straightforward things. The reason they are so useful is that they do these things at an incredibly high speed. A program can ingeniously combine an enormous number of these simple actions to do very complicated things.
A program is a building of thought. It is costless to build, it is weightless, and it grows easily under our typing hands.



