1.title
Layout With CSS Model Box （ CSS语言的盒装模型和Web元素的排版）
2.introduction
理解Web页中元素的盒装模型概念，学会用CSS语言控制盒装模型的排版。初步理解块级元素和行间元素的排版，块级子元素继承父级宽度的特征等。学会用CSS语言的margin、padding等属性调整Web页中的元素间的精确位置，进一步探索Web元素的CSS属性的继承和层叠特性。
3.keyword
box Model， block ，inline ，margin ，padding ，top ，bottom ，left ，right ，line-height ，font-weight ，letter-spacing， border-radius ，text-shadow 。
4.project
内有七个HTML文件，引用了《古诗三百首》的内容，005初步演示了元素盒装模型的特征、006-007增加了盒装模型属性的探索、008-009增加了元素嵌套，探索父子元素盒装关系排版、010-011增加了一些高级CSS属性，对CSS语言便捷圆弧角和元素背景图的效果，进行了探索。
chapter 5
Everything in CSS has a box around it, and understanding these boxes is key to being able to create layouts with CSS, or to align items with other items. In this lesson, we will take a proper look at the CSS Box Model, in order that you can move onto more complex layout tasks with an understanding of how it works and the terminology that relates to it.
In CSS we broadly have two types of boxes — block boxes and inline boxes. These characteristics refer to how the box behaves in terms of page flow and in relation to other boxes on the page.
If a box has an outer display type of block, it will behave in the following ways: 1)The box will break onto a new line. 2)The box will extend in the inline direction to fill the space available in its container. 3) In most cases this means that the box will become as wide as its container, filling up 100% of the space available. 4) The width and height properties are respected. 5) Padding, margin and border will cause other elements to be pushed away from the box .  6) Some HTML elements, such as <h1> and <p>, use block as their outer display type by default.
If a box has an outer display type of inline, then: 1) The box will not break onto a new line. 2) The width and height properties will not apply. 3) Vertical padding, margins, and borders will apply but will not cause other inline boxes to move away from the box. 4) Horizontal padding, margins, and borders will apply and will cause other inline boxes to move away from the box.  5) Some HTML elements, such as <a>, <span>, <em> and <strong> use inline as their outer display type by default.